1. "The 'h2c' protocol identifier MUST NOT be sent by a client or selected by a server. the 'h2c' protocol identifier describes a protocol that does not use TLS."
2. "Once TLS negotiation is complete, both the client and the server MUST send a connection preface."
3. "A client that knows that a server supports HTTP/2 can establish a TCP connection and send the connection preface (Section 3.4) followed by HTTP/2 frames. Servers can identify these connections by the presence of the connection preface. This only aﬀects the establishment of HTTP/2 connections over cleartext TCP; HTTP/2 connections over TLS use MUST protocol negotiation in TLS [TLS-ALPN]. Likewise, the server send a connection preface (Section 3.4)."
188. "Implementations of HTTP/2 MUST use TLS version 1.2 [TLS12] or higher for HTTP/2 over TLS. The general TLS usage guidance in [TLSBCP] SHOULD be followed, with some additional restrictions that are specific to HTTP/2."
189. "The TLS implementation MUST support the Server Name Indication (SNI) [TLS-EXT] extension to TLS."
190. "If the server is identified by a domain name [DNS-TERMS], clients MUST send the server_name TLS extension unless an alternative mechanism to indicate the target host is used."
191. "A deployment of HTTP/2 over TLS 1.2 MUST disable compression."
192. "A deployment of HTTP/2 over TLS 1.2 MUST disable renegotiation."
193. "An endpoint MUST treat a TLS renegotiation as a connection error (Section 5.4.1) of type PROTOCOL_ERROR."
194. "An endpoint MAY use renegotiation to provide confidentiality protection for client credentials offered in the handshake, but any renegotiation MUST occur prior to sending the connection preface."
195. "Implementations MUST support ephemeral key exchange sizes of at least 2048 bits for cipher suites that use ephemeral finite field Diffie-Hellman (DHE) (Section 8.1.2 of [TLS12]) and 224 bits for cipher suites that use ephemeral elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman (ECDHE) [RFC8422]."
196. "Clients MUST accept DHE sizes of up to 4096 bits."
197. "Endpoints MAY choose to generate a connection error (Section 5.4.1) of type INADEQUATE_SECURITY if one of the prohibited cipher suites is negotiated. A deployment that chooses to use a prohibited cipher suite risks triggering a connection error unless the set of potential peers is known to accept that cipher suite. Implementations MUST NOT generate this error in reaction to the negotiation of a cipher suite that is not prohibited."
198. "The list of prohibited cipher suites includes the cipher suite that TLS 1.2 makes mandatory, which means that TLS 1.2 deployments could have non-intersecting sets of permitted cipher suites. To avoid this problem, which causes TLS handshake failures, deployments of HTTP/2 that use TLS 1.2 MUST support TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256 [TLS-ECDHE] with the P-256 elliptic curve [RFC8422]."
199. "HTTP/2 servers MUST NOT send post-handshake TLS 1.3 CertificateRequest messages."
200. "HTTP/2 clients MUST treat a TLS post-handshake CertificateRequest message as a connection error (Section 5.4.1) of type PROTOCOL_ERROR."
206. "Implementations communicating on a secure channel MUST NOT compress content that includes both confidential and attacker-controlled data unless separate compression dictionaries are used for each source of data."
208. "Generic stream compression, such as that provided by TLS, MUST NOT be used with HTTP/2 (see Section 9.2)."